Exercise 1: Calculate the Sum of Two Numbers
1a. First you'll create a variable, then add the "assignment" operator after it.
1b. Then you'll type an integer.
1c. Then you'll add the "addition" operator
1d. Then you'll type another integer 


Exercise 2: Check if a Number is Even or Odd - using javascript as the language
2a. First, make an if statement.
2b. In the parenthesis include your first number.
2c. Next, include the modulus operator.
2d. Next, include 2 as your second number.
2e. Next, include the "strict comparison" operator which is "===".
2f. Next, compare all of that to 0.
2g. Next, make curly brackets.
2h. In the code block, you can console.log and say "even".
2i. In the next code block, which will be your else block, you can console.log and say "odd"

Exercise 3: 
Write pseudo code that will perform the following.    

(a) Read in 5 separate numbers.   
(b) Calculate the average of the five numbers.
(c) Find the smallest (minimum) and largest (maximum) of the five entered numbers.
(d) Write out the results found from steps b and c with a message describing what they are

3a.1 First, you would initialize an empty array.
3a.2 Next you would create a C-style for loop, with the initializer set to zero, the condition set to i is less than or equal to 5 and then increment by 1.
3a.3 Within the loop, prompt the user to input a number and store the value into a variable.
3a.4  Push the variable to position i of the array so that each time the loop runs, the input number will go to that position within the array.

3b.1 First create a variable number and set it equal to zero.
3b.2 Next create a C-style loop, with the initializer set to zero, the condition set to i is less than or equal to the length of the array, and then increment by 1.
3b.3 Next, take number, set it equal to itself and add the value of array at position i, so that each time the loop runs, number will increase by the number at the position the loop is in.
3b.4 Once number is totaled, divide that by the length of the array.

3c.1 First, initiate large, small and i as variables.
3c.2 Set both the large variable and the to the small variable to the first item in the array.
3c.3 Create a C-style for loop, initialize (i) the loop to 0. Set the condition statement to i is less than the length of the array, and increment by 1.
3c.4 Create an if statement saying if the element of the array at the specific position is more than the current element, then set that large variable to that element.
3c.5 Create another if statement saying if the element of the array at the specific position is less than the current element, then set the small variable to that element.
3c.6 Print out both the small and large variables to see the values.

3d.1 Print the number variable to the console with a message that says "The answer is {number}"
3d.2 Print a message to the console that says "The smallest number is {small} and the largest number is {large}" 
